# Chapter 10

### Intro to Data Structures
+ Class Abstraction: Separation of the class implementation from the use of the class.
+ Class Encapsulation: details of implementation is encapsulated and hidden from the user.
+ Class description is provided to let the user know how the class can be used.
+ User does not need to know how it works; Black Box.

### Class Relationships
+ _Association_: Binary relationship describing an _activity_ relationship between two classes.
  + Example: Student taking a course.
  + Example: Faculty teaching a course
  + Association: Student -take-> Course <-teach- Faculty
+ _Aggregation_: Ownership relationship between two objects.
  + _has a relationship_
  + Owner Object: Aggregating Object / Aggregating Classes
  + Subject Object: Aggregated Object / Aggregated Classes
  + Object can be owned by several other aggergating objects.
+ _Composition_: Object is exclusively owned by an aggregating object.
  + A student has a name: composition relationship (if exclusive)
  + A student has an address: aggregation relationship (multiple with same address)
  + Example: Filled Diamond - compostion relationship (exclusivity)
  + Example: empty diamond -[CONTINUED IN SLIDES]
+ _Inheritance_: 
  +

### Processing Primitive Data Type Values as Objects
+ "Many Java methods are written to require an object as a parameter."
+ You can convert primitive data types or wrap them to turn them into objects using Wrapper Classes.
+ `Double newValue = new Double(5.0);`
+ `Double newValue = new Double(taxRate);`
+ `Integer newIntValue = new Integer(5);`
+ `Double newDoubleValue = new Double("5.0");`
+ `.valueOf()` method will manipulate strings for values inside.

### String Class Methods
+  `.replace()`
+  `.replaceFirst()`
+  `.replaceAll()`
+  `.split()`

### Conversion between strings and arrays
+ char[] chars = "Java".toCharArray();
+ char[2] = v;0
+ 

# Application Construction
+ Build your applications backwards
                                
### Order of Operations
1. Create node objects that will appear on the screen first
2. Create the scene that the node objects will be placed on
3. Create the stage that the screen will be contained in.
pp. 552-559